feat: add doc on warning for long connectors (#1250)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/performance-tuning.md

```
For details of these parameters, see [Work service](#work_service).

> In addition, connectors longer that 10 seconds produces *warning* using the logger `org.bonitasoft.engine.core.connector.impl.ConnectorExecutionTimeLogger`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, connectors longer that 10 seconds produces a log at *warning* level named : `org.bonitasoft.engine.core.connector.impl.ConnectorExecutionTimeLogger`.
```

> In addition, connectors longer that 10 seconds produces a log at *warning* level named : `org.bonitasoft.engine.core.connector.impl.ConnectorExecutionTimeLogger`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, connectors longer that 10 seconds produces a log at *warning* level named : `org.bonitasoft.engine.core.connector.impl.ConnectorExecutionTimeLogger`.
This log contains all references to find exactly which connector is slow.
```

> The *warning* log contains all references to find exactly which connector is slow. A *debug* log prints all input parameters of this connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *warning* log contains all references to find exactly which connector is slow. A *fine* log prints all input parameters of this connector.
```

> The *warning* log contains all references to find exactly which connector is slow. A *fine* log prints all input parameters of this connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another log at the *debug* level prints all input parameters of this connector.
```

Here is a sample log produced using a connector that does a `Thread.sleep(15000)`
```
WARNING: Connector 15 sleep with id 20002 with class org.mycompany.connector.SleepImpl of process definition 6587226372021992905 on element flowNode with id 20003 took 15001 ms.
FINE:  Input parameters of the connector with id 20002: {seconds: [15]}
```

> This 10 seconds threshold can be changed in the same configuration file `bonita-tenant-community-custom.properties`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This 10 seconds threshold can be changed in the configuration file `bonita-tenant-community-custom.properties`
```

> This 10 seconds threshold can be changed in the configuration file `bonita-tenant-community-custom.properties`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 10 seconds threshold can be changed in the configuration file `bonita-tenant-community-custom.properties`
```
